it should go back down so much
green around ya at the fire
working for us
looks pretty good up here god we
just burnt like 400 square feet
or some wow this is the part of
slashing burn whenever we move
into a new area to terrorists it
out to transform into a series
of steps we first have to clear
everything that's in the way and
we do that by Chopin and in
burning stuff
Tony and Amelia live on just one
acre of land in the Blue Ridge
Mountains we've got to make
every inch of their property
count by any means necessary
this is how you tame a mountain
not get it all down start a new
this is a steep region steeper
the land the cheaper the land
and when I bought this piece of
land i had like almost no money
so for eight years we've been
taking this type of land and
then turning it into this type
of land by slashing and burning
burning finally ninety percent
of our property has been brought
under domestication and this is
last ten percent that were we're
getting into here throw-in were
three on this thing and keep
slashing and burning get that ma
Parker alright we're clear
looks like it might burn for a
while now i'll let that burn ya
getting pretty hungry
get the hell outta here I guess
if we keep an eye on the fire
I always get ahead at this point
ok